this place is cool next week you don't
come here k
three these people
oh look who it is I know that is I know
who that is that's good that's American
Oh what's his name Hitler that's captain
sergeant hello hello Zig Zig Zig Zig hi
hi hello i love what you do we love what
you do I we did my husband i love what
you do I think you're great we really
think you're great yeah keep doing what
you're doing bro keep stepping up to the
blades like my old man said swing for
the fences you just don't get you yet
your time will come yeah I love that
outfit it's like Angry moco light you
know the same shirt st. Ives like Regis
Adolf dork got a dork Hillary says he's
killing uh you know what he's doing is
killing all those jor jor jor jor brats
Georgia be Jimmy Gibby Gibby's knee
grazie negro I don't know what they're
called G graz Sonny gummies speaker
Ricky a Jews he's killing Jews he says
he says he can see the devil in their
eyes I remember I heard him at the
Donald Trump Martha Stewart Sheridan
ramada pesto barnes and noble keep
everything as stupid as possible seminar
yeah well you anyway you should have
heard the way he put it he's really
really bright you know how come I only
neat dorks who cares he's talking about
that demo
yeah who cares who gives it crapping
what's this Holocaust thing like it's a
big deal man it's like tsunami every
last one into the SUV's it asshole you
know you could see the devil in Jews
eyes I met a Jew once i was at a party i
saw the devil a lot of his eyes are
really intense really intense is really
different you know it's different it's
kind of freaky you know you know just
you know just kind of intense I don't
know what else what other word to use I
think it's like chill out passion boy
you know how do you lift him go back on
your medication right hey hey hey hey
hey where can I get your brun get you
drink move it on over here yeah get get
him a drink what can I get you what what
what wets Hitler's whistle hey Renny red
how about that you like that blood shit
that's what the blood fly how about a
qingdao haha hey you're multi-culti you
know about the different cultures how
come the Chinese never have beer guts
yeah yeah yeah what's with the killing
of the Jews man what are they assholes
or something my ad said you should I go
kick her ass or what yeah what are you
doing now his aunts a Jew he's not
Jewish no we're not Jewish now I take
from every religion you know whatever
works you know it's like home shanti
shanti shanti home i'ma to yoga right
now you know no ohm Shanti Shanti Shanti
ohm it's as good it's a centering is a
good Zig hi oh except it's more in early
focused instead of getting focused by
hey with hating everyone out there
although those of us who do do yoga do
you think we're better than the ones who
don't we should combine forces do you
have like little Nazi incense or not see
max
a witch with those assholes that like
hate starbucks but go in and drink their
coffee anyway and then put everybody
else down who drinks it except with that
what you throw their asses in the oven I
mean the showers whatever i got i read
you like a book bro got your number
stamped on my hand tattooed bro what you
don't want to join us why don't you join
it let you bring your food over here
bring your food over here no hi what I
say goes I'm telling Hitler to bring his
food over here you'll bring your food
over here
Oh
oh you have you have to talk a lot I
don't want to interrupt you know if
you're doing business oh you have to
look put little boys upside down on
trains naked that's a busy day that's a
busy day hmm I'm busy too I want to take
what I'm gonna do I might shave it I'm
crazy what are your friends derya I want
to talk to him I want to talk to Hitler
and I what Hitler to sit down right
right nut he's gonna do it enjoy your
meal enjoy your meal asshole doesn't
even understand I we could really have
gotten along you know because he's into
work and I'm into spirituality and
that's a balance and all he needs is a
balance you know you can't just work all
the time that's what our trouble was you
wanted to work all the time all the time
oh he's looking look at me I thought so
I told you run back see today girl
you want something yeah if you want it
you have to take it that's the only
person I talked to only talked about him
take it sees a day Hitler was that dead
Jewish poet society I'm not impressed
anymore where does the guy I got hang
out Hollywood probably could get me you
go parties in Hollywood potty knows all
the producers it's probably he's
probably killed half of them it if if we
had things are away